Next, we're looking at our lamb shoulder.
So on our lamb shoulder,
we also have the foreshank.
First,
that's the thing I'm going to remove.
So to do that,
going to look for this joint here.
It's a bone. OK.
And that's going to be my indicator
on where to start.
So I'm going to stand it on its edge here.
I'm going to come right down
above that, right down to the bone
and score and go all the way around.
So once I'm all the way around.
I'm going to remove
these or break these tendons here
up into the arm, if you will.
It's important to sever
all of these tendons
that are up in here to remove it easily.
Next, I'm going to apply a
little bit of pressure here.
And that's going to
free up
My foreshank.
Now, when we're looking at this foreshank,
there's this
bone inside of here.
So oftentimes that's the reason
why we strip the meat off of this piece
and usually grind it
for other applications
when we're looking at a lamb
shank on a plate.
Often it is the hind shank that
we're braising and presenting on a plate.